! Admins here. We've heard your concerns regarding having your confessions aired publicly on our page, so as of today we are going to start posting exclusively in the closed NYUAD Confessions Group! We are still going to preserve everybody's anonymity, using the same Google form we have been using so far.
start posting there as soon as we get to at least 100 members, so please request to join the group and share it with your NYUAD friends.
forget to join NYUAD Confessions Group to keep up with Confessions! We are exclusively posting in the closed group now for privacy reasons
 during freshman spring I started saving 2 dirhams for every time someone on the highline told me "hey, we should do something!". It's senior fall and I just ordered airpods.
 Dear Random Student:
 don’t ask for my notes if you’re not even trying to pay attention
 people who ask unnecessary questions in class with 5 years of background information just to flex their intellect are the worst and need to get their ego in check
 To whoever stole the fucking hockey puck from Baraha: I hope you run out of meal swipes and are forced to eat cold Hawaiian pizza with extra pineapple slices on the ground floor lounge of A1B with a bunch of strangers Saturday night.
 Alumni nostalgia #2: It is really hard to go on facebook. 95% is connected to NYUAD, so every time I open it I just feel like I am missing up either on new things happening on campus or on my friends, who keep on posting new exciting things about their lives, eg.: new jobs/starting schools. And I am only reminded of how much out of touch we are and how much I would rather be back on campus...
 Student life did an amazing job at open house.
 Alumnia nostalgia: Im really missing street cat. It bit and scratched me to blood multiple times, and I’m alergic to it so I was overdosed or sneezingwhenever in EDS. But she lied in my lap at 3 AM while I was capstoning and I really need that now.
 You know you r in AD of NYU’s when 2 of the 3 drinking clubs (SIGs) are into tea and the third one specializes in coffee. (And lets not forget the SA SIGs’ chai.)
 why does the baraha smell so bad and stinky like can we put a perfume table or can people shower and put on some deodorant (there are many options in the convenience store btw) no hate just trying to bless people's noses
 When I had a double, I would dream of savoring at least a few hours of solitude. Now, sitting in my single room, I realise what I signed up for was loneliness
 How do you recognize an NYU Abu Dhabi/Shanghai student? They refer to NYU as NYU New York
 It’s been a day or two since Marhaba ended and although the committee says they are here for us, they don’t say hi back or ignore us when we pass on campus. It’s sad to see that it was just a job for them and they didn’t think about us as possible friends.
 Been submitting confessions, but I don’t see them being posted. Anyways, I am seriously feeling homesick. It’s so bad that I don’t want to eat or sleep or do anything. I feel like I don’t belong here, and I really miss my high school and my friends back home. I have been thinking of transferring already. Please help me.
 Shout out to everyone with children's toothbrushes due to the stock in the convenience store RISE UP gang
