Submit your confessions anonymously here: http://bit.do/nyuadconfessions
 Hey guys, 
 For better or worse, Confessions is a platform for all of us to express our concerns and open up valid discussions with the bittersweet comfort of anonymity. As the admins, we understand and respect the space this platform occupies in our community dialogue and we… More try to post as freely as we can. That being said, the inherent anonymity of our posts mean that sometimes, we can’t take action or help each other even though we want to. 
 Because of this, we decided to compile the resources available to the student community that NYUAD offers. If we could, we would reach out and hug everyone who is struggling and… More
#3412: I found this article interesting, as it discussions the ethnic diversity among the Emirati population, their cultural roots, and the way that citizenship--much more than color or heritage--defines… More Emiratis and their self-perception as "Arab". At least, to an extent, as it touches on how discrimination still occurs. No points to make here, just some interesting reading for those of us who know little on this, and perhaps a good conversation starter for the Emirati students on campus to share their perspective :)  https://www.opendemocracy.net/beyondslavery/bts-anonymous/the-multiple-roots-of-emiratiness
 **This is definitely the wrong forum, but I don't want any pseudo-criticisms made on my intentions on sharing this. Just thought it was a good read.**
#3411: Every morning when I shower I put as much shampoo on the ground as I can, in hopes of slipping and cracking my head open so I don't have to go to Rachel Brulé's intro to comparative government class.
#3410:  Worst part of study away: winter. Best part of study away: winter.
#3409: Am I the only one concerned that each year for Pakistani wedding we have a Pakistani guy and some white girl?
#3408: I'm a girl in a very happy, healthy, long-term relationship with my boyfriend. I know I love him to bits, but I can't help think sometimes that I may be happier and even more in love with a girl. I have always doubted I'm bisexual, and the very happy fantasies in my head about being loved by a girl just won't go away sometimes. It's killing me because I wouldn't leave my boyfriend for anything.
#3407: It makes no sense that two of my friends can’t get along. They both like me. Why can’t they bond over that?
#3406: Another alumni asking that you appreciate NYUAD. Life after it is dull and harsh. No one will love you like NYUAD did.  PS dining hall food is great
#3405: I graduated two years ago from a pretty good university in America. I'm still unemployed, I moved back in with my parents and I have no idea what I'm doing with my life. I often come to NYUAD for events but it always brings back memories of my negative experience in college. I had no friends or relationships and I was so so alone in a big… More city. Only now I realize that I was suffering from severe depression and anxiety. (And I mean locking myself up in my dorm for days, bingeing, drinking, crying, talking to myself, avoiding classes/ large crowds/ public transportation. My only human contact was through hook-up apps that left me hating myself more] Even though i'm a bit healthier now… More
#3403: Overheard at NYUAD:  A: It's kinda funny. I first bumped into him at the gym. B: I can never A: It's alright. I'm sure yoou'll find someo-- B: Gym A: What B: I can never go to the gym
#3402: I think the idea behind the candidate weekend is insignificant, it raises students' egos so much and creates such a sense of devastation in the ones who were not invited. If they truly and really want to hold a candidate weekend, they should do so after the final decision of acceptance or rejection has been received in order to 'give… More students a taste of how life is really like' and 'explore the campus'. So really if that is what they want, why not do it to the students who will be accepted? what is the point of giving so much hope to a student when there's a slight chance that they'll be rejected?
#3401: I'm already drained off completely - graduating in about two months and I have no idea what I'm doing next. It's sometimes better not to have a plan than having one and something going wrong last minute! Great! But, thinking how ~70% of 2019 Class does not have jobs secured is scary - market here is going down, professors rejecting us for… More research saying "you're graduating in May - bring your own funding and I can "employ'' you" - dude, for f*** sake, really? Am I going to ask you to employ me knowing that I'm graduating and have no money?
 Why are some people (professors) so inhumane? -It's not that I'm complaining, it's me trying to be realistic - they were once in our shoes and need… More
#3400: Who can we petition to add NYUAD to the list of universities on Tinder
#3399:
#3398: Instead of buying fucking timbits every Tuesday, CDC could work on funding more opportunities, and work on OCR or anything that helps NYUAD not get rejected before interviews 😉
#3397: KPOP Atitude classes remind me of how much my body and mind are not in sync.
#3396: I will leave everything and everyone when I fail, nothing ever goes in my favor.
#3395: From a recent grad: no other institution in the world would do as much as NYUAD does for you. Whenever I tell people I meet that I paid 0  and still got my studies, food, travel, stipends covered, with study abroad semester, while owing nothing to the country that paid for it, people have hard time believing me. Because it is simply unique. … More
 Please appreciate that the administration is open to your feedback and cares about your well being - in most institutions, if you don't like dining hall food, you just go eat somewhere else. Please appreciate the amazing student body you have,  you will having these global, intercultural conversations. 
 And guess what else? Part of me even misses the Core classes, because you realize how freaking cool were the topics we discussed.
#3394: I am really allergic to cats. Like REALLY allergic. Any place they have been, I will know as I will get reactions instantly. My classes are in the building where they frequent. I have to bring my work elsewhere just so I don't experience any reactions, but unfortunately, most of the equipment I need are in the building. Is there a way we can keep them out of the building at least while it's not scorching hot outside? I am posting this anonymously in fear of hate from the cat lovers on campus.
#3393: I feel like I've gotten stupid after getting into University
#3392: who's the genius who thought having three screens is better than one
#3391: That moment in FOS 1/2 when you hears moans in the last row during Andy's lecture
#3390:  what they say: "alternatives to an internship!" what they mean: "budget cuts""
#3389: Okay. Here goes. I always thought there would always be a shot for love on this campus. I don't know. Maybe I haven't looked hard enough or if I'm good enough to love. Somewhere along the line of being a friend and a good person, I guess I lost or never understood what I needed to be in order to be in a relationship. Now don't get me wrong. I am not perfect nor do I see myself as perfect. But I still don't know what I am doing wrong.
#3388: At this point I expect NYUAD to pay for my grad school
#3387: Overheard at D2:  “You know I have a huge crush on her” “You know she’s gay”
#3386: Damn, some people just be playin' with the hearts of all the good guys and girls with the best intentions and taking advantage of them. And some wonder why there aren't any good guys and girls left? Cause y'all keep breaking their hearts and leaving them jaded. Like damn, give it straight yeah? Don't lead em on. To them emotional players, get karma-ed and to the victims, don't stop hoping. Some people are trash, but there are some good cookies like you left out here.
#3385: I finally found the courage to share this even if anonymously. Ever since I got on campus I can't seem to connect in a significant way with other people from my country. I always feel left behind, unnoticed, ignored, unwanted, misunderstood and out of place when being in their company as if I can't seem to contribute anyhow to the… More conversations in the group we have - or at least this is how I perceive it. I struggle enormously with interacting with them, communicating and sharing any kind of personal experience  with them as I don't feel they will or want to understand me. Every time,whether I am with them or on my own, I always seem to compare myself to each of them and put myself… More
#3384: In addition to #3380, more like "this class is diverse because of Americans from different states"
#3383: To the seniors who greet me with “happy 95 days till graduation” I WILL THROW YOU AND MYSELF OFF THE HIGHLINE
#3382:
#3381: Can we make it a common thing where professors let us know what to address them as when they introduce themselves in the beginning of the semester, please? It’s too confusing trying to find out if they mind me, or anyone for that matter, calling them by their first name or not
#3380: You know you're in a study-away site when the professor describes the class as diverse because of a couple non-Americans.
#3379: So much of what people ask on ROR can be found out with a really easy google search. How are you guys going to survive in the real world?
#3378: Can it get more basic nyuad pick up line than "I will start my shisha soon. Do you want to come and chill?"
#3377: When you write NE in your browser and it suggests Netflix instead of newclasses,  it means your range of possible grades starts from B+ rather than A
#3376: I feel like I’m trapped here at NYUAD because I’m a different person here and a different person anywhere else.  I’m very anxious, stressed, lonely and exhausted at the end of the day. I really enjoyed my Jterm and the people I was surrounded with. We never stressed over course work even though our class was intense. Similar to my study away… More - I always had anyone beside me and was excited for every new day. It’s very different here - I’ve joined SIGs and go to events yet I’m trapped in campus. Everyone is always busy and hardly find time to hang out.  I’ve gone through depressions and counselors and that has helped but I barely can go beyond that although I wake up positive and ready to take on the day.  Is there anyone in a similar situation? What makes this place different (in the negative sense) compared to others?
#3375: Overheard at NYUAD: “Are your professors, like, mentally stable?”
#3374: Am I the only one? There are a number of professors, whom I won’t call out by name, that put their personal work above their students. I struggled with this problem so much in the past and I didn’t know how to approach it. Some professors were too busy traveling, working on their own papers, or research, this made it extremely hard to reach… More out to them. In many situations, it resulted in affecting my own grades (and entirely changed my academic path) and was only told to let it go in the end. But why is the blame that influences our grades in the end always put on the student when there is more to follow on? This is considering that the student is partly in the wrong, but not the full 100 percent. But wouldn’t it mean that because it wasn’t the student’s fault entirely, that more could’ve been done? Did anyone else encounter this before?
#3373: I knew this was gonna happen, but now I'm freaking out. Last fall was a terrible semester for me mental health wise, I know I did terribly and I was in touch with H&W and the dean of students office over it. But I just got a letter saying I am 8 credits behind and on probation and I would be considered for dismissal or suspension if I don't get Cs and above this spring. I really don't want to lose the opportunity that NYUAD is due to stuff that was outside my control. What does all this mean? Was anyone in a similar situation before?
#3372: Which is rarer rain in Abu Dhabi or a second semester sophomore who doesn’t post a “Moved to” status when they start their study away
#3371:  Overheard at NYU New York: “Apparently like one rich family pays for all the Abu Dhabi kids”
#3370: I wrote a friend's supplemental nyuad essay and heavily edited (if not completely rewrote) his common app one. He got his invite to ed2 candidate weekend. I didn't..
#3369: Shout out to all long distance couples this semester and shout out to our Skype campus policy making this time apart much more feasible. I already am missing my SO, but we can do it!
#3368: As a student trying to secure an internship or a job, I am starting to find it odd and intimidating to ask current students and alumni about their current and previous professional experiences. Some people are very friendly. However, some think I am literally exploiting them for my benefit while I wouldn't care about them otherwise (I was… More told that explicitly). The truth is I am not using anyone here. I am also happy to help anyone in need. I simply cannot keep in touch with everyone on a regular basis, which seems to be a requirement if you ever need help in the future. Any advice?
#3367: So are we just not going to talk about the crippling anxiety and completely debilitating sensation that comes with senior year? I feel paralyzed by such a deep fear when I think about graduation and what happens after. I can’t be the only senior feeling this way, can I? Why isn’t anyone talking about this? I’m fucking terrified.
#3366: I strongly agree with #3361. Our school invests way too much capital and effort in trying to promote its presence and the narrative that NYU Abu Dhabi is a revolutionary, liberal arts college. Our significance and contribution to society should be felt passively and naturally, not through associating big names with us. The school may be avoiding popular news sources like Gloria Borger and Poppy Harlow, but aren't differing opinions and contradicting narratives the reason we are here in the first place?
#3365:  me as a freshman: “ugh I can’t wait to live in A6, I hate having to walk the whole f-ing campus to get food”   me as a senior: *is sick of D2 food, so walks all the way to Sushi Counter or Marketplace at least 4 times a week* lol fml l
#3364: Alumna here: I miss being able to use flying off to another continent for a semester/year as a somewhat valid reason to break up with someone.
#3363: I'm certain someone posted this before, but I need to do it again. Just because I'm Emirati doesn't mean I'm brainwashed!!! Honestly, I'm so triggered every time someone says tries to convince me that my country is this awful hellhole and we should GTFO or try to make it better. We haven't been around very long, but we're changing at a… More faster pace than any of ya'lls countries are considering our extremely conservative origins, so I honestly think we're not doing too badly. I don't think my beliefs were influenced by propaganda, so either kindly STFU or GTFO
#3362:  I hate when I have to talk about NYUAD to other people. When they ask if I've been on every continent, my answer is yes and I feel shame. Also I hate myself for even writing this, this is the most fucking privileged first world problem I've ever heard. It has been wonderful to get the opportunity to travel so much, something that no one in… More my family has the ability to do; I have learned and experienced so much and I have a far more open and thoughtful mind than I would otherwise have. But now I'm questioning has it really been worth it? I can't talk about this huge significant part of my life without feeling like a piece of shit and if I don't talk about it, I feel like I'm hiding… More
#3361: I really don't understand how we have had names such as Mike Pompeo, Bill Clinton, Tony Blair, etc. visit NYUAD but we haven't had internationally renowned journalist Gloria Borger. To be honest, seems like a disservice to me, I would much rather she speak at graduation than at least half of the other speakers and I think her unique take on international events is something that could really add to the discussion at NYUAD.
#3360: Overheard at NYUAD:  “Would you fuck a Republican?” “Only if I’m really desperate”
#3359: My crush and I are both taking Design and Innovation and we haven't seen each other for days
#3358: My crush is taking design and innovation and I havent seen her in weeks
#3357: Can couples stop making out and kissing in public and respect the culture of this country it’s bad enough some of you walk around half naked   Thank you
#3356: How do you deal with professors who are dismissive but only towards certain students (not you)? By dismissive, I mean my professor would often interrupt this girl in my class mid-sentence, refuse to take questions from her, and always have something to say against her opinions (despite the fact they seem to reflect the class's take on the issue)?
#3355: Koreans girls confuse me. How are they always so put together, with their outfit, makeup and gpa on point all the time?
#3354: Establish dominance over your professors by using emojis in your emails
#3353:  NYUAD: Diversity  Also NYUAD: majority of students come from international schools
#3352: Overheard in D2: “Right now I need to get a PhD, a citizenship or at least a permanent residency in a nice country, stable job that pays well enough to own real estate, so I can have a dog...”
#3351: I don’t know what happened to me lately, but I know I am no longer the person that I thought I was anymore.  In really late night, I do nothing, simply lying on my bed. I couldn’t fall asleep until 3 or 4.“Physically” I am not tired. I just feel it’s a burden to live every day. It’s so weird these things struck me and made me wanna cry… More everyday. Except the academic work, I have zero motivation or a goal to seek for. Constantly thinking what is wrong with me and why am I so weak to not be able to deal with my own problems. I used to be a person who loves socialize. Not anymore now. I felt grateful and appreciate to my friends who ask me out. And yes, I did say I wanna go at that… More
#3350: Overheard in D2: “Wow, you really live in Hong Kong? That’s like a big Chinatown right?”
#3349: It's frustrating to be poor. Since I've left my country, I've been dreaming big and feeling like I can pursue whatever I want. I'm starting to see light, hope, and opportunity. But whenever I get back home, the weigh of reality just crushes me. I realize we don't even own a house. I realize my mother lives on loans. I realize how many… More hopeful gazes are turned towards me. And I hate it. Whatever I'm majoring in, whatever decisions I'm making in my career, whatever I do with my stipend, everything: it's not all about me anymore. Some days I'm just sitting here in my room, pondering on how I can help my family and how to make money. Other days I honestly just feel like throwing… More
#3348: I don't understand why the library closes so early during J-term.  10 pm from Sun to Wed and 6pm on Thursday????  Does this imply that we should go out and explore rather than just studying?  Professor did not give us less hw tho...
#3347: Don’t know who needs to hear this but: slide into his/her DMs! If you don’t, someone else will. Show them that you are interested, don’t sit there waiting for them to fall in love with you, that will never happen. Make everyone’s life easier by expressing interest!
#3346: It’s been a while since I’ve last been happy. Despite my studies, engaging in a lot of activities and spending time with friends, I tried my best to avoid acknowledging that I feel like something’s missing and this feeling of emptiness growing deep within.  I’ve been waiting for finals to end and was excited to go back home, but during… More break, I couldn’t help but notice how I wasn’t enjoying my time despite doing everything I was waiting for. My friends have noticed that I’m not being myself lately and I know that because I feel sad most of the time, yet I can’t find any reason behind this feeling. Is this normal and would this feeling pass after a while?  Or should I try meeting with a counselor because its worth having an expert’s opinion? I thought of going to counseling but I feel like there’s no need to because there’s nothing to talk about in the first place. Any advice?
#3345: Are you really a NYUAD student if you've never been called exotic by a white person?
#3344:
#3343: Overheard at NYUAD: “The korean army is like a photomodel agency. They go in like veggies and come out looking, like, wow.”
#3342:
#3341: I want to make everyone aware that a lot of us Hijabis have a complex relationship with the Hijab. Not to mention those of us who come from a background where we have no choice to take it off in public. So if you’re used to seeing me with a Hijab, and at some point see me without it, please don’t comment on it or gossip about it with other people. It saddens me how many times this happened to me.
Note from admin: Happy holidays guys! Confessions wishes you a happy and restful break ❤️
#3340: Exam anxiety is the most real thing I have ever had to deal with, and yet people do not understand how much this impacts both my academia and my mental health. On average, during the semester I would usually have an A or A- average for all my courses, and then a final exam or test comes my way, and suddenly my grades would drop from A's and… More A-'s to B's and C's. It's very disheartening and demotivating to deal with blows to my grades because of 1 exam that weighs 40% of my final grade. The problem usually is not whether I have studied enough or not, because I feel like I know the material to these subjects by heart at this point, but end up doing bad on tests because I keep getting… More
#3339: Last semester was such a disappointment in terms of classes. All my professors were disorganized and did not care. Classes had no structure and exams/papers had nothing to do with lectures. Seeing my professors not putting any effort killed my motivation to work. In short, I learnt nothing.
#3338: I keep barely passing all my classes that count toward my major requirement. I love my major, I really do. But I don't think I can do this in the future if I'm this bad at it. How do I have a future if I get C+ all the time. How am I going to do anything if all I worry about it is whether or not I will pass this class? How will I ever prove… More that I am a better person than a C+ if that's the first thing people see in my transcript. I know I should have worked harder, done better, but really I cried most of the days this semester because I was barely handling all the things that were on my plate. At then end of the day, I'm just making excuses for what I did. I don't even know why I'm submitting this to confessions. I have no idea why the school accepted me in the first place, and I'm pretty sure it was a mistake.  I wanted to do good things for this world. As idealistic and dumb it sounds I wanted to make this world a better place doing what I loved. I don't think I can do that anymore. I am so tired.
#3337: Overheard on the Highline: “How much do you hate NYUAD on a scale from 1 to I-put-NYU-in-my-instagram-bio-instead-of-NYUAD?”
#3336: Advice for current students asking for internal internship/job referrals from alumni: we’re more than happy to help you out, but first please do your due diligence in terms of researching the positions available at the firm, what exactly you’re looking to do, and whether applications are even still open to begin with. Most if not all of this… More info is available online. Now that we’re employed we are no longer up to date with the current open jobs and deadlines (unless we work as recruiters). Also the ability to research stuff on your own is kind of a requirement for most jobs.
#3365: Overheard in D2:  "I swear to god I haven't had decent bread since Azerbaijan"
#3364:  Emirati girls in the UAE: "Abaya is my national identity. I wear it with so much pride." Emirati girls abroad: "Omg your crop top thooo"
#3363: I’m honestly starting to think the recent “local” posts are fake. I’ve been at NYUAD for many years and haven’t met any locals who talk like this. Don’t know if it’s just trolling because people have nothing better to do with their lives or what?
#3362: Throughout the years a lot of my clothes went missing while I would be doing my laundry. I just saw a girl post that she is selling / giving away the exact same pair of leggings that I had and that got "misplaced" in the laundry room a few years back. Be careful where you show of the stolen pieces of clothes, I remember all of them and I. Will. Cut. You.
#3361: *Convos with aspiring  underclassmen when you are an Econ-Finance major*    Underclassman: What is your take on the financial market in 2019?   Me (What I say): It’s very unpredictable. The current statistics isn’t enough.   Me (What I really mean): Please stop asking! I know more about banging my head against the wall than banking in Wall Street.
#3360: My roommate and her boyfriend are literally the most disgusting parasitic thing i've ever seen - they study, eat, sleep, SHOWER together. Send me strength to not ruin their lives this next week like they are ruining mine with their loud showers and suffocating presence in my room
#3359: Please take a god damn shower for gods sake. A shower. Water, soap, after that some deodorant and perfume and finished. Even some locals and I myself am a local. Come convenience story I buy for you every necessity
#3358: Why are people stealing underwear ?!?!? Thank god im a local (locals are not barbarians who steal shit like some people)
#3357:  Friend 1: Do you want to get bubble tea? Friend 2: I've spent... *sighs* yes.
#3356: The number of Latinos in the dining hall is honestly liberal propaganda. I have to see or hear them in half of the dining hall seats. Liberals, how would you feel if I put old, white, rich evangelical Christians there instead?
#3355: Overheard at D2:  *smells worksheet*  “This worksheet smells so nice. This is what my professor smells like.”   *smells worksheet again*
#3354: It’s actually annoying how people in Arts and Humanities constantly try to prove that their majors are as hard and challenging as STEM majors. Y’all struggle but your worst case scenario is like getting a C in a paper while people in STEM in NYUAD are constantly worried about passing their courses although they spend  all their days… More studying. A lab in fos is worth 2 credits and sometimes less and you need to spend 16 credits worth of time to do all your assignments for lab. Let’s not even mention how lenient professors in almost all departments but STEM. You miss a deadline, you’re dead and you don’t even bother explaining to your professors because they won’t listen or accept your late assignment. And btw, I’m not trying to prove that one major is more important than the other, but it’s unfair how easy it is for non-STEM students to get good grades and have high GPA’s while we struggle to get that C.
#3353: Someone has to say it: I am a GIRL and I HATE  this hook up/make out culture! I do not like absolutely every concept linked to it. It drives me crazy to see girls allowing thirsty guys to use their body. Why do you give you beautiful feminine energy, love, and passion to them, why do you open up to someone who won't care about you? It's so… More freaking common for guys on campus to not even acknowledge girls' existence afterward. Why? Because once your 10 minutes hook up is over you're just another done right swipe (hopefully, well-cooked at least) and a new tick on his list of wonderful college experience. Congratulations! Now it is likely he will tell his friends how he hooked up with you and that girl that sits over the next table in the library. I know it might be very hard to live without hooking up but, please, let us stop this hoeing games ON CAMPUS. I don't want every guy I meet here ultimately think I'm down for no strings attached thing just because I live amongst the majority who does it.
#3352: I want to thank me for going to classes this semester. I want to thank me for completing all my assignments. I want to thank me for studying for finals. I want to thank me for feeding myself. I want to thank me for staying fly. I want to thank me for positively influencing others. I want to thank me for everything.
#3351: I wanted to be famous. So I put an offensive post on Confessions and then wrote a morally correct 1000 word response in the comments.
#3350: The streaming of COP in the dining hall is honestly liberal propaganda. I have to see or hear it in half of the dining hall seats. Liberals, how would you feel if I broadcasted Fox News on the TV instead?
#3349: The finals week pimples appearing on my face are my brain trying to escape the exams and using the shortest path out of my head.
#3348: IT'S OFFICIAL! Tuesday the 18th to Sunday the 23rd is hoeing season! May all the single and ready to mingle on campus get on Tinder during this time. Good luck and let the hoeing games begin!
#3347:
#3346: Today is my birthday and while I appreciate and am endlessly grateful for the people who wished me and spent time with me, I did expect some more attention on the one day in my year that kinda want it. I understand that it’s finals and I usually don’t expect anything out of people, but it still sucks sitting here and scrolling through posts… More of other people’s birthdays and how their friends bought them cake and threw them surprise parties and all and being saddened by the fact that no one cared enough to do that for me even thought I’ve done that for others so many times. I’m too old to care about birthdays and I know that there are other things that show how much people care better than this, but I still can’t help but feel sad.
#3345: Overheard at D2: “Ugh! Everyone is dancing to the damn Christmas song.”
#3344: Last day of class:  
 Me: To skip...Not to skip...To skip... Not to... F*ck it! I am skipping. 
 *walked out, and met my professor at the entrance*  
 Professor: Hi there! Good luck with your participation grades!
#3343: Ladies, there is hope. My period started on the first day of finals week. BUT you know what my hormones did to me? They put me in an inexplicably great mood all day. My uterus knew I needed this. Thank you.
#3342: Here's to the worst semester at NYUAD yet and probably the worst 4 months of my life. I always say next semester will be better but I'm running out of semesters. Spring please be chill.
#3341: At this point in the semester the only thing that’s keeping me going is Doggy Destress
#3340: We as a student body need to learn that there is a difference between constructive criticism and cyber bullying. Please try to remember that there are real people behind these departments, SIGs, and student groups who are working for us and our words affect them. Be a little patient and give them your feedback directly. Calling people incompetent isn’t going to fix the problem.
#3339: The Christmas Tree in the D2 Entrance is as poorly decorated as the food variety available In D2 itself. It’s like a symbolic representation of what we’re supposed to expect when getting food.  Don’t get me wrong and don’t tell me “take it or leave it;” the point I’m trying to make is that we have same options for food every few days, four… More weeks a month, four months per semester and four academic years in total. As someone who respects ADNH and the Dining Committee, this fault falls on ADNH because I know how hard people involved in the committee are trying their best to address our issues and improve the situation.  Happy Holidays, xoxo!
#3338: I am a guy and I have long wanted to talk about how candidly people talk about freely cheating on their significant half on this campus. How it is just about physical contact and have 0 respect for their long distance relationship. I want yall to know that I've got a damn good girl half way accross globe and sometimes it's a real stress… More buster to have someone outside the nyuad circle because I can vent about this campus and not have to worry about it travelling back lol. She has total and complete trust in me and I absolutely thrive off it and what I'm trying to say ladies and gents on this campus, is that it is cool to actually be faithful and respectful to your partner. It is not being "pussy whipped" as some may term it. Honestly some of my fellow dudes who brag about numbers and their conquests on campus? Are appalling. How did your mam raise you man? And yes ladies, faithful guys like us do in fact exist.
#3337: I just can't anymore. I feel dead inside out and it gets worse every semester. I'm trying to enjoy being here and I've talked about this multiple times with my friends, family and  counselor. Nobody is pushing me to do anything, everybody is rather supportive, but I'm still extremely anxious almost all the time. I feel bad for not liking… More this place and I don't want to complain about it but I don't know how to break this anxiety-depression cycle. Next semester my friends are studying abroad and I'm staying here alone. I don't know what to do anymore. I'm just sad.
#3336: It's honestly so sad that global leaders™ at this school are incapable of recommending any books other than whatever was on their high school reading list
#3335: Shoutout to REACH‼️ You guys are doing a great job. Giving of your time to be there for people you don’t even know. You guys have a life supply of good karma x
#3334: So there's this guy I like. There have been so many sweet and cute moments that make me really think that it could be something. But then other days he acts like I'm just another girl and doesn't go for obvious opportunities for something more. I feel like I'm getting played and I'm worried I'm wasting my time worrying about this. I wanna give up. It's driving me insane. Any advice?
#3333: REACH is honestly such a joke. Aside from The Nook - what even do you guys do? Like I care about mental health and stuff too, but the ineffectiveness of this group just surprises me. And it’s annoying how much praise they get on this campus when I personally don’t even feel remotely impacted by whatever work they do. A dialogue isn’t the… More solution to everything and is getting people a couple dogs to play with really all you have to do to be loved by this community? You’ll be hearing from my anonymous feedback submission, so don’t bother commenting about it here.
#3332: I hate it when a professor is giving a lesson and people speak or make different noises at the same time. C'mon, we're in university!
#3331: As an RA I am ready for every time I screw up in my relationship. This is solely based the amount of silent treatment I get from my residents.
#3330: 7 months on after graduation. I've never felt so lonely. I want to cry, I'm struggling a lot. It's really hard. Any old grads. What did u do?
#3329: Can we actually crowdsource some miles for Vic so he can come watch Avengers with us?
#3328: TRIGGER WARNING/ EATING DISORDERS It's honestly so annoying how they have been treating eating disorders here. We've been told to wait until the nutritionist comes on campus for the past 4 months, every time they tell us that she will be here soon and now they aren't sure she can come at all. Do they realize how harmful that is to have an… More eating disorder left untreated? If the nutrionist can't come, they need to provide other outlets for help rather than just telling us to wait for someone who might not even come. What happens when eating disorders get so bad that we can't wait anymore?
#3327:
#3326: People on this campus have been so shitty to me about my weight. As "open-minded" as we all preach to be, but the number of days where I get a shitty comment made about my weight says otherwise. And not just about me, but the amount of shit I hear about other girls' weight too.   
 Can we please please stop the "fat girl" comments all the time!! Ugh.
#3325: I have no idea what the selection process of Standardized Test Preparation grant is. My friend got 3.9+ GPA, double majoring, took 2 graduate courses in New York, and did research (an actual research, not a bullshit one) with a Prof in the summer. Do they evaluate students based on merit or how good they are at bullshiting in the application?
#3324: Global leaders , please stop acting weird when you see someone in the party for the first time !  There are two reasons we never been in the party , One , your party is shit  so we rather choose to spent our sweet Thursday enjoying in our room with our sweet roommates!!  Second , we don’t want to lose our virginity in the party !!
#3323: Constant struggle between the empowered feminist in me who has no shame in asking a boy out, and the self-confident feminist in me who thinks that if he doesn’t put in the effort, he’s not worth my time.
#3322 :  NYUAD admin @ candidate weekend: "NYUAD is great!" Me, a seasoned NYUAD student:
#3321: My level of pettiness: 
 me: *misses banana pudding at library terrace* me, 10 mins. later: *orders banana pudding online, just for myself*
#3320: UAE passport is ranked number one!! To all the suckers who don't like Emirati... go back to your country ;)
#3319: Why do people randomly ask/beg for food on RoR? it's absurd.. like, are you really that desperate?
#3318: Did anyone ever get a GPA lower than 2.0 in their first semester and did not get kicked out of this university? I am so so scared :((
#3317: I don't know anymore if it is that I just keep pushing my limits every semester beyond what I can handle, or if have been becoming less and less able to handle my workload and sanity as the years go by. I'm currently in New York, and I feel my environment here has only made everything more difficult. I'm struggling with my academics, my… More relationship, figuring out my future, I have to keep postponing tasks from my part time job, and I don't feel I have time to myself anymore. Now finals are coming and for the first time I am panicking (in the most real and literal sense). And somehow I feel if I went back in time to my first semester, I would have the energy and passion I now lack and I would breeze through all this.  I know only I can change my situation but I don't know how. I've tried talking endlessly with the people closest to me but it hasn't helped. With counselors it's always a different person and I just feel I have to tell the same story over and over again and get no really useful advice. I really want to get my sh*t together.
#3316: When you are a global leader™ in the UAE but this is what your Arabic amounts to
#3315: Overheard at the library: “Why are you sitting backwards on the chair?” “I’m avoiding my essay”
#3314: As a US ciziten at NYUAD I never know if guys like me for me or for my passport.
#3313: Four months into senior year and I can say with confidence: Don’t fall in love in your senior year. The extra turmoilt of emotions is the last thing you want to add to your list of stress that year. Why add an additional requirement/obstacle to graduate. So if you see it coming, DROP THAT THANG naw.
#3312: I know that this university is elite and prestigious but I don’t understand why we barely get any holidays and we need to “make them up” unlike any other school in this country. In the national day, every other school and university took sunday AND monday off except ours. The courses are hard and rigorous enough and as students we do deserve the amount of holidays that all the other students around the country have. We’re not robots I swear.
#3311: Student Government: Tells student body they are printing too much during a GA Also Student Government: Prints an unnecessary amount of posters with allusive messaging and sticks them all around campus
#3310: Is it possible to fill out a facilities request form for Blacksmith because I’m getting damn tired of the leaking hole in the ceiling
#3309: To the sophomore guy with long blonde hair and the cute & wonky accent, I heard you were open to both teams. How does one get in touch?
#3308: I am so exhausted by the way some of you belittle things that are really serious. The attitude of people here towards self harm and suicide has angered me so much. My self harm is not meant to feed « your curiousity ». It is neither glamourous nor a trend and definitely not something to take as a joke. If anything, if you see something, and… More you wanna do something about, smile at me, ask me if I’m okay, hug me, anything but making me feel like a circus animal. This is my last year here and this is something that has yet to change and I have seen no progress throughout time. People still think it is okay to be gossiping about these things or make jokes about it. I have heard so many comments that go like « oh, what is she gonna do, kill herself? » etc and I find absolutely horrifying. Or conversations behind someone’s back about why and what etc. Start practicing compassion. We all matter and we need each other’s support.
#3307: Capstone is the biggest bullshit ever - some students put so much effort because their professors require them to produce PhD work, while others are chilling and do the minimum amount of work because their professors don’t really care, and in the end those who worked hard get B and C and those who basically didn’t do anything get A.  Well this is really unfair! I didn’t want to post this on forum for privacy issues but I feel this should be addressed so that we together can find ways for resolving it!
#3306: Please, please some of you try to understand something...I have a nose. What a concept. And it's so painful to smell horrible body odour. So bad sometimes my eyes roll into the back of my head. It’s especially worrying when I walk down a hall and there's no one there but a deadly stench lingering in the air, and I cant help but think "was… More that a zombie or an NYUAD student?" and then I remember what's the difference? But seriously, how can some people smell so awful? Are you trying to kill me? I want to die, but not like this. So please, please just shower. It's not that hard. Just like once a day. Two if you're a smelly boi. Please. It's free and readily available in every dorm room. It's so easy, you can get soap with your dining dirhams or stipend. So much money! With that money, you can get many many soaps. So many soaps! Why am I starting to sound like Trump? I don't know. Please, please. For the love of god...shower. Cos if I could build a wall between my nose and your pits, trust me I would.
#3305: Starting my study away application earlier, thinking about it before this weekend, or even glancing at the questions before today could have made this long weekend really enjoyable. But here I am trying to come up with 4 other factors that "contributed to my global education" for the past 35 minutes
#3304: I want to be organizing activities. I want to be part of StuGov and help shape this place. I want to be part of the group improving NYUAD every day. But I am afraid I am not the person for that. I get tired very quickly from social situations and organizing events or any kind of activities even meetings would consume too much of my energy. I… More would need a lot more rest after that, cutting down my study time even more - and I am afraid affecting how well I do in school. I am constantly drawn between these two wishes - wanting to make a difference but also wanting a comfortable environment and good grades. Anyone in a similar situation?
#3303: This may be repetitive but the left leaning people here can be quite a nuisance. You voice one conservative and even completely different opinion and they all think you're a criminal and synonymous with Hitler. What happened to multiple perspective discussions?
#3302: Love in the times of UNIX lab
#3301: Can someone explain to me why anyone thought that putting a black person and kfc together in a cartoon was a good idea? Maybe it was not intentionally racist, but all it does is reinforce our biases and subtle assumptions of the attributes of certain races. We can do better, global leaders
#3300: I give NYUAD four more years of existence (five at most) before NYU pulls out and it becomes American University of Abu Dhabi
#3299: Overheard on the Highline:  “I couldn’t sleep at all last night” “Oh, is that because you take 62 depression naps a day?”
#3298:  NYUAD Students: Please better investigate sexual assault allegations  Administration: Uhm yeah sure One student: Putting a black person and KFC in the same frame is racist Admin: omg you’re right @gazelle takE DOWN THE CARTOON
#3297: Fighting over standardized testing scores on freshman is the most idiotic thing I can think of right now. These tests are so not accurate at all. ACTs and SATs are sometimes completely new to non-us applicants and unless you attended a "rich" high school, you probably never heard of them. What does it really measure anyway? I know people who… More have done AMAZING things on their fields and didn't get stellar ACT/SAT scores and I am talking about 25s and 1250s VS Actual publications, amazing research and unimaginable university programs... But what do they have? Dedication, integrity, passion and curiosity. It really makes me mad that people on campus argue about how the "University level… More
#3296: I do not think it is safe to be at the university especially with all the sexual harassment going around. If I write more my identity will be revealed that's why we need to stop the non-sense happening at my building. Loud parties, too many drinks then it's not even safe to be out of your room at night.
#3295: At this point I won’t be surprised if D2 comes up with this new soup called Cream of Table
#3294: Dating someone at uni is nice and all until you realise you know the people they hang around with and have to do your best to be nice when you see them (and you see them often enough, surprisingly) but you’ll  shiv a bitch that gets within a 2 metre radius of your significant other tbh
#3293: Whoever wrote that STEM vs humanities article: you can't compare two majors as a whole. Compare aspects of it like  CASE 1: Time in class: While 80% of humanities majors sit in 2.5 hours of class for 4 credits, 80% of STEM majors have 5 hours of class (Labs) for the same 4 credits. This does make life harder for STEM majors as they don't… More have AS MUCH time to commit to things they like or are passionate about. No one said humanities is lesser- we just say STEM takes up more of your time.   
 CASE 2: Number of requirements: STEM tends to have way more (example SRPP 14, biology 17, engineering 21). Imagine this coupled with the extra hours of class.  
 Case 3: Readings : STEM does… More
#3292: Dear crush, if you won't ask me out soon I will block your account and forget your name. It's been almost a semester of pointless messenger communication, intense eye contact and you popping up in places where I usually go to. Boy, if you're too shy to really approach me, I ain't got no time for stressing over you in the upcoming finals week. So think twice! Please...
#3291: Everyone talks about how difficult it is to be an average student here, but what about being told your whole life that you're so!! tall!! only to find out that your height is pretty average.
#3290: NYUAD is ruining my life one email at a time and I don't even go to this uni don't @ me
#3289: To whoever wrote the FYD article on the Gazelle --- please know that it's the most inconsiderate and biased thing I've ever read on that website. When you write an article, you should be aware of what other people think about that issue and who it is going to affect after being published. Despite the fact that there are people who are not a… More big fan of FYD, there are also people who think it's one of the best programs NYUAD has ever designed. Labeling something that numerous people worked on to give students a smooth transition as "artificial" is very maddening. Unlike some of you, there are people, including myself, who actually enjoyed their FYD and met their true friends there. FYRCE, My FYD's peer facilitator and Fellow FYD-ers ... I love you all!
#3288: I had a really bad experience last year with an RA that left me feeling unsafe in my own dorm building. It took a huge toll on my mental health and it prevented me from getting proper sleep because I didn't feel safe or comfortable. I didn't feel like I could tell anyone because I was scared of retaliation and everyone else thought this RA could do no wrong. Now I'm scared that I'll have to deal with the same thing when I return to campus next semester and I don't know what to do.
#3287: Before coming to uni, I felt average af and I was totally okay with that. I didn't come to NYUAD to become the next global leader or idk Oprah. HOWEVER NOW we have a problem, a few months have passed and im feeling very below average. Idk man I just want to sleep like 25/8.   but im counting my blessings so its fine I guess
#3286: Sometimes, I really wish that we could all forget that we are students and enjoy the process of learning something new. It sucks that assignments and projects take the joy out of learning in some classes.
#3285: I am a student currently on a leave of absence. I have been struggling with bulimia for 3 months now. I have not mustered the courage to have this talk with my family yet; and I am having a hard time coping with it on my own. I really don't fancy dying of a torn esophagus so I would really appreciate any kind of help from anyone who has been in this position at some point.   Thanks and lots of love ❤
#3284: It's so fucked up that most people here attend events only because of the free food. It's so disheartening to put so much effort into planning events, coordinating people, booking rooms, fixing technical issues, and so many other things only to have people come for 10 minutes, grab food, and leave. I mean, good food is a plus for sure, but aren't student events supposed to be all about interest? But alas, even for that, people here are so shallow... smh
#3273: Still quite triggered about the class of 2021 t-shirt and how it is absolutely not abaya-friendly... lol
#3272: Can someone remind me of the purpose of ROR? Cause recently, it has been flushed with a tons of tickets selling and other sales stuffs that have nothing to do with the university. Why dont we have a dedicated group for just these kinds of sales advertisement? The thing about having too much of these sales stuffs is that they just displace other announcements and stuffs that are actually related to the university.
#3271:
#3270: It has been one day since Confessions posted #3267, my post. It's true that I should have been straight forward, but the person I intended to see it did, and they didn't mention it but I could tell the way they acted changed for the better. I hope every person who asked 'is this about me?' treated the person they are with better if you love… More them or were honest with them if there are certain things you need to talk about that you have been putting off. Maybe this should be on crushes and compliments, but thanks to the confessions page for making things that much better by providing a platform to say things that are sometimes too scary to say.
#3269: #Help What do you do to the suitemate that constantly leaves their dirty dishes on the counter, eats her suitemate's food without asking, overloads the fridge with strong smelling food and never throws their food away even after they are rotten, leaves a huge mess in the bathroom, and expects her suitmates to just clean everything after them? How do we surprise them with the fact that we are only their suitemates and not their nannies?
#3268: Just because there are Emiratis who date non-emiratis in this campus. Doesn't mean all Emiratis would want to date nonemiratis. This is not racism and I am sick of people telling me "Oh we feel sorry for you.. you do not have the freedom to love anyone." It is my preference to marry someone, who has the same culture, religion, and ethnic background as me. I want to raise my kids in this country. I will accept if my kids would want to marry nonemiratis but I don't want to marry a nonemiratis..
#3267: Someone used to love me very much. I still love them very much. I know they will read this here, and I'm too scared of the answer to ask them this outright.  
 I don't think it's the same for you anymore. Not the way you talk to me, not the way you hold my hand or even look at me. You don't call me when I'm away like you used to. The late… More nights when I felt down and broken and you could feel it, and your voice made it all better. You told me a few weeks ago you didn't want it the way it was anymore. When you said that I thought you meant the bad, but you meant all of it. I don't get the anger from you anymore, but I don't get the love either. I thought you were trying to keep yourself from getting too close, but I think you're trying to be close in a way you don't feel anymore. I love you the same way I did the first November. If you don't feel the same way anymore, just tell me. I won't want to hear it, but I tried to love someone after I didn't love them anymore, remember? It didn't work.
#3266: I am conducting a research on educational opportunities & privileges by nationality and income level. Does anyone know how I can find NYUAD acceptance rate for Emirati students? Too scared people might call me a racist if I ask this publicly!
#3265: I'm falling for her and she is leaving for NY in the spring. What do I do?
#3264: I believe there should be more events for seniors in more exciting locations than Torch Club. Common guys who organize this, step up your game. So far, so sad.
#3263: This campus feels so fuckin small when you constantly bump into your ex, your ex’s ex, your roommate’s ex, and your ex’s roommates/friends.
#3262: NYUAD life is living with all your friends on a 1-km wide desert island campus and still managing to not see each other for 3 days straight because everyone’s busy all the time
#3262: Don't know if this is the appropriate place to post this, but I hate to post under my own name so here goes. Can people with flashing fairy lights in their room please close their curtains? I was still feeling the effects of a killer migraine and the flashing was not helping the least bit. Sorry if this sounds stupid or petty, it's such a small thing but it got to me.
#3261:  NYUAD student: NYUAD has anything that you may want when looking for a university! Non-NYUAD student: What about freedom of speech?
#3260: Why can't I read critical comments on #3244? Is it just me or no one can't read it? Was it filtered by the admin?
#3259: Overheard on the Highline: “I always undress without closing my curtains. I don’t care, for anyone who sees me, it’s like saying Merry Christmas”
#3258: Is it normal to feel lazy or unmotivated to do your work even though it's stuff you generally love/enjoy doing?
#3257: Just wanted to point out that the treatment of the fish in the CDC is absolutely barbaric. At least two of the poor dears were stuck in the filter, someone let in a beta fish with the rest of them, and several were mourning their friend in a corner. 
 If they're committed to keep such a massive (and quite frankly, pointless) aquarium, could… More they at least read up on how to take care of it?  Or get rid of it altogether? At this point, with the amount of misery swimming there, the fish would feel happier back at the pet shop.
 Please, have some humanity.
#3256: Can we lowkey make knowing people's names (those who you haven't met) normal? I know a lot of people's names bc I remember them from CW, Marhaba, or social media and I keep forgetting that some people might remember and life is just plain awkward.
#3255: Overheard at the East Plaza, “Are we biologically wired to like babies so that we don’t eat them?”
#3254: The only thing that's harder than fos is turning off the light in classrooms
#3253: People who hold doors open for other people, you have my love ♥️♥️♥️
#3252: What exactly happens if you tell the counselor here that you're suicidal? It sucks because when you are you can't talk to anyone about it and if you talk about it to your counselor then they'll have to report it, and admin and the government don't take that kind of thing lightly (read: send you home for the semester so you can commit suicide away from them)
#3251: I have a bit of a moral dilemma and am reaching in case anyone has experience with this. My boyfriend and I have been together for around 4 years now (were both seniors) and he is perfect in every way imaginable but he has had some problems which were and still are out of my control such as mental health issues ( which I can't disclose here… More ) and other severe health issues for the past two years, problems that I can honestly no longer emotionally handle . It's so draining to me that I feel that I should rather end it because I can't be there for him and focus on uni because I am anyways no help and we will not be together next year. But I  do love him and can't continue seeing him hurt. What should I do?
#3250: I can’t believe the senior class has to pay for our own graduation robes this year. That shit is expensive. #budgetcuts
#3249:
#3248: I'm reaching out through this post because I need some advice. My boyfriend and I have gotten together in freshman year and have stayed together till now (our senior year). He is perfect in every regard and has always been therefore me and I love him a lot. But in the last two years he became both physically and as a collateral damage also… More mentally ill. As I said I love him a lot but I just don't know how to be there for him anymore, I'm just done. I can't balance my senior year and being there properly.  That makes me think it's unfair to him and I want to break up but then again I don't want to just leave him in this state. I'm helpless.
#3247: Why Russian and Caribbean-themed days in the Meal Club? They are sooo disgusting. Why not Thai, Korean, Spanish or even German instead? These are nice cuisines that everyone likes.
#3246: I find it harder and harder to balance the time I spend taking care of myself and the time I spend taking care of others. This semester has been difficult for me and I feel stuck between not wanting to tell people I'm miserable (because that's mine to decide to share and I just don't want to) and responding to people who need emotional… More support. I'm in a place right now where I just don't care and any empathetic response I have to muster is forced and fake. I think these people deserve better than what I can give them right now. I also think it's unfair for someone to demand emotional support from me if I have never required it of them and have been there for them several times. But, I also feel really guilty and shitty. I really wish I could be there for people more, I just don't know how to anymore.
 Is wanting to be there for myself more than wanting to be there for other people (who I'm not really close to either) so bad? If it is, and I'm willing to accept it is, how do I support people while supporting myself without feeling anxious and overwhelmed? Am I just selfish?
#3245: How do I make friends who don't make use of me? I'm not white, I don't look good and in fact I probably look very intimidating despite being a nice person. I'm always ready to help anyone in need and I always always go out of my way too but sometimes I just need someone or some people to be around me. I don't need them to help me with… More anything but I just would appreciate their company which would mean a lot to me. Kind of tired of being misunderstood by everyone including in class, it's not my fault that I'm smart - I'm not trying to be and in no way do I try to show off or make anybody else feel small and I'm very careful about that. Of course I come from a different culture and I… More
#3244: I have never understood how you can be called a racist if you criticize Islam. Islam is a religion, and a religion is a belief system. It has nothing to do with race. You don’t choose to be black or white, however you do choose which religion you subscribe to. It's a choice you make, and a choice you will be held responsible for. It’s not racist to criticize a religion built on injustice and patriarchal structures, it’s common sense.
#3243: How can you call NYUAD diverse when everyone in the student body went to a high school ?
#3242: I think NYUAD as a whole could benefit if some of the discussions on here were picked up and continued constructively and respectfully elsewhere. Some posts hit on some really important issues about the existence of NYUAD in the UAE, but unfortunately their point, and their merit, is buried in anything from convoluted anecdotes, to outright… More bigotry, and I think we're really missing out on an opportunity to discuss important issues that a university must address as frankly, and openly as possible (with obvious limitations, and the understanding that some information will probably never be disclosed publicly, like agreements between the government and the university, what was discussed… More
#3241: FRIENDS I have been at this uni for YEARS and I still can't find the perfect combo to make a wrap in Grab'n'Go. Would love it if people posted their personal recipes!
#3240: I feel like the university is increasingly admitting more and more cats as the years go by, and they make up 6.9% of the mamallian resident body (the majority). I understand that this is their country of origin and we wouldn't be saying anything . However, if the idea of this university is to be biodiverse, I think increasing the cat intake… More isn't a good thing. I know for a fact that most of them eat scraps of posh D2 food when no-one is looking and live in pretty comfortable bushes, which doesn't really add to the diversity of experiences at this school. I know cockroaches that have survived pesticide epidemics, geckos who've created infrastructures for addressing problems in their… More
#3239: (please read the whole thing <3) Do people actually fail classes at this university? I am a frshman and I feel as though I'm the worst at this campus. I was a major overachiever all my life but it came at the cost of anxiety, depression and an eating disorder that combined with family related events left me broken by the end of highschool. I… More am learning to prioritize my mental health (I no longer pull off all nighters, prioritize self care etc) and I am still healing from things which means I need to take things really slow, but still putting my best effort into academics within whats reasonable and all things considered I am the happiest I have been in years and I am determined to… More
#3238: As a graduate from NYUAD, I understand how difficult it can be to maintain relationships because of the workload and study aways, but trust me, if you really like someone, go for them, and everything else will work itself out. My favorite memories at NYUAD was when I was studying with my girlfriend and we were supporting each other with our… More individual goals and dreams. So guys and girls, I can say with confidence, don't let academics get in the way of your feelings for someone, your university life shouldn't only be about academics, it's about the people you meet and the relationships you make.
#3236: Overheard at the Baraha:   -I want to eat Korean food. -What's stopping you? -Mmm my bank account.
#3235: Believe all women means that any female student can falsely accuse me of rape and ruin my future
#3234: Can we actually stop posting photos of people’s lost ID? I mean, appreciate all the effort and kindness, but a simple tag or mentioning of the name would do. It’s a small campus and people are incredibly easy to locate. Please just be considerate that some people might not feel comfortable with such a post.
#3233: Overheard @ D2: “Maybe he’s from British. You know how the Indians colonized British”
#3232: Overheard on the Highline: "I am considering becoming religious. I will follow whichever God will help me write my capstone."
#3231: I've been struggling a lot with self-compassion and vulnerability lately. Before the fall semester began, I decided to make the conscious effort to prioritize my mental health because I realized how much I neglected it the previous year. It was so easy to bury my emotions because of the work/commitments I had. I feel like I have made… More progress in some ways, and for that I am very happy, but now I feel very stuck and I don't know how to move forward.
 One aspect in particular is that I am unable to let people that I am gay. The first people I ever came out to were my parents, and they didn't take it very well. I was 16 at the time and both sides said some pretty mean things. I was scared… More
#3230: Maybe it's just me but it's quite saddening to see class of 2022's standardized test scores drop significantly from those of the previous cohorts. If NYUAD is lowering admissions standards to increase diversity and student body size now, what will it become 3, 5, or 10 years later? No offense at all to the freshmen - in fact, a big welcome to you all - but as a member of this magnificent institution and community, I'm genuinely concerned whether it can withstand the challenge of time.
#3229: Anyone else concerned that the university is becoming less selective? Every other university saw an increase in selectivity and test scores in the 2017 cycle, but median SAT scores at NYUAD have fallen from 1510 to 1440. Meritocracy is is becoming less important, perhaps due to an increased emphasis on diversity.
#3228: NYUAD students be like
#3227: I feel like the university is increasingly admitting more and more Emiratis as the years go by, and they make up 15% of the student body (the majority). I understand that this is their country of origin and we wouldn't be saying anything about too many Americans being accepted at an American institution. However, if the idea of this… More university is to be diverse, I think increasing the Emirati intake isn't a good thing. I know for a fact that most of them attended posh international schools and come from a pretty comfortable background, which doesn't really add to the diversity of experiences at this school. I know people who have survived war zones, people who've created startups for… More
#3226:  NYUAD students: Can I breathe-- ResEd: Breathing will result in a fee of $100 USD per Application(s)
#3225:
#3224:
#3223: It's really concerning that we only have one full-time counsellor in the Health and Wellness Center. I tried to make an appointment today because I was having a rough time and the only free appointment… More slots are in seven days time. I'm aware of the recent Gazelle article that addressed this issue, but isn't it problematic that a similar article was published in 2014 (https://www.thegazelle.org/issue/45/news/health-and-wellness)? Both times the issue was the licensing process. Considering that it's been four years since this problem first arose, one would assume that university learned how to deal with it. I greatly appreciate the effort made by Reach and other student support groups, however these programs do not work for everyone since some of us prefer to meet with a counsellor. I feel powerless because I do not know what we as students could do to push this forward.
#3222: My mental/physical health is in the shitter by this point but I don't know how to bring it up with people. I feel like my friends know but never ask me about it for whatever reason. I also feel like my professors shouldn't know about it but at the same time they expect certain results/updates about my capstone and I'm simply not able to deliver, so they end up thinking I don't care.
#3321: Global leaders ™ be like
#3320: It's funny how nobody called out John Sexton for explicitly saying in his talk yesterday that "this goes for both genders", implying that there are only two genders and similar things like "Gentlemen, they (women) are just better than us" implying that gender is binary, but if literally anyone else on campus says something like that they get ostracized and pillared by the social justice warriors. Just goes to show our hypocrisy or the shallowness of our convictions.
#3319: The penalty for missing the consent zone training is literally worse than for actually assaulting someone on campus lolol
#3318: I came here eager for meaningful conversations and understanding the world a little bit better. But somehow we all have managed to fall into our daily life routines caring about food and parties and complaining about homework, forgetting the bigger picture, with discussions popping out rarely here and there from time to time. If we, the best… More of the best, behave so carelessly, so ordinary and so non-self-critically, how can we ever believe that the world can be a better place? And is it even worth it - going out of our own comfort zones, why and who do we make a better place for?
#3317:
#3316: Thank you for your kind comments on my post (#3314). Update: my girlfriend said yes and I can't believe it. I can now call the beautiful girl I talked to in the NYUAD dining hall three years ago my fiancée and it feels crazy knowing that I almost didn't approach her because I was so nervous. I hope all of you can experience the current love and happiness I have at the moment. @ the men of nyuad: don't assume a girl you've never spoken to is uninterested/interested in you, take a chance, ask, talk to her.
#3315:
#3314: Advice to current students from an alumnus: please don't be afraid to talk to the girl you like (even one you've never even spoken to before). I did and now we've been together for three years; I am going to propose to her tonight.
Note from admin: Guys, please stop submitting questions about why porn is blocked. We don't know. Also, we don't know whether or not you can petition to get porn unblocked.
#3313: I've been having hyperpigmentation problems since high school, leading to darker spots/marks in some parts of my body, like in my armpits. I've been using skin whitening creams (like the one mentioned in NYUAD Forum) since freshman year. A while ago, I made a request to the Convenience Store and I was so thankful that they made the product… More available. I'm sorry if my request made people uncomfortable, that wasn't my intention. Overall, I find our community very supportive, but it makes me feel sad when people assume things. Context matters!
#3312: Overhead at D2: "I've been to more consent  trainings than I've had sex on this campus"
#3311: I feel extremely sad about The Gazelle's recent article about ethnic cliques, and here's why: 
 I come from a place where it takes a huge effort to learn about other cultures because nearly everybody is local. It's not easy for us to travel abroad, and not many immigrants come either. And reading travel blogs or watching documentaries on… More YouTube can't possibly be compared to making new friends in person. Witnessing all their emotions as they tell you about their countries and customs, having them teach you random phrases in their languages, sharing your favorite songs from home with each other... Think of it in economic terms, if you will: This knowledge is a precious resource that one… More
#3310: I was going to write a "Why NYU Abu Dhabi Shouldn't Exist" in response to "Why NYU Tel Aviv Shouldn't Exist" but then realized there isn't enough political freedom and expression in the country to be able to do so
#3309: The recent Gazelle article on NYU Tel Aviv truly stunned me. I am by no means a supporter of Israel, but advocating for the invalidation of the global site located there is both hypocritical and counterproductive. There is no denying that Israel, in more ways than one, has subjugated the Palestinian people, but several questions arise from… More the article’s proposal.  By what metric does Israel stand out as “one of the most extreme cases” of human rights abusers amongst the countries hosting NYU global sites? Does NYU’s presence within a country serve as an endorsement for that country’s actions? Would the closure of NYU Tel Aviv remedy the situation in any way?   As the author pointed… More
#3308: I’m frankly done with white men whining about the potential exclusion of their kind and functioning under the naive assumption that every race, gender, and class around them is treated equally — and functioning under this assumption because we go to a supposedly diverse university.
 Yes, John Sexton and Al Bloom brought this school to life… More and gave it so much progress and I am beyond grateful. I am an NYUAD student now because of them. But let’s not forget that people in power and statures of authority are, and should be, representative of those they lead, and in this search for a new Vice Chancellor it is opportune time to do that. The search for a new more representative and diverse leader doesn’t, and shouldn’t undermine the work of Sexton and Bloom, but should push it forward in a way that achieves the world they are trying to create: a diverse and representative one.
#3307: Plot twist: the dissonance post was written by Sexton. Or Bloom, as his honest goodbye speech. Or a girl on drugs in NYC. Who knows.
#3306: I am a recent grad and currently looking for jobs. I have realized a few things that I wish I had realized sooner in my senior year so I am publishing this in hopes that it helps someone right now.
 1. Starting off with your resume, please get it reviewed by multiple people. I made the mistake of just sticking to a couple of people in… More addition to visiting the Career Centre. I don't think there is anything wrong with the career centre's help but it always helps to get it reviewed. 
 2. If you are serious about consulting jobs, please start preparing for case interviews early. If you wait till you get an interview call, it will be too late and you'll end up passing on a great opportunity… More
#3305: I am currently spending my semester abroad at NYUAD and I noticed one amazing thing that isn’t as common in NYU campus in New York surprisingly: the amount of interracial couples. I think it is so special to see how different cultures can integrate together and form relationships. Your college years at NYUAD are extremely unique. Treasure them, form relationships, explore, do not take them for granted.
#3304: Opinion | The Rise and Fall of NYUAD Dissonance
 As I’m sitting here in my apartment in NYC, waiting for my food to arrive, I decided to write this little text to all the past, current, and future NYUAD citizens - be it a student, faculty, or admin. While I decide to remain anonymous, I am an alumna of NYUAD who was there when the fancy… More campus didn’t exist and NYUAD felt more like a summer camp of a few hundred people, rather than a small liberal university in the few thousands. Back in the day, Sexton was our leader in flesh and blood and in NYUAD*, rather than the contemporary across-the-ocean ideological messiah.
 I loved and still love NYUAD. I went expecting a wild experience, and… More
#3303: The music that was played before the realAD Show goes to show that the Arts Center has a better musical sense than most dorm party DJs out there
#3302: Global Ed: "We don't recommend students to take cores in J-term because it is better to take them as 14-weeks."   Also Global Ed: *offers mostly cores for J-term 2019*
#3301: I love that the WiFi has been exceedingly worse than any semester before and yet students aren't complaining about it because we're too busy fighting for properly working dining halls.
#3300: Can you guys fucking understand that you’re in the UAE and there’s supposed to be some respect for the culture in your clothing? You knew that coming here don’t start crap about freedom and your “body autonomy.” If you had half a brain you would at least put a shirt on and stop walking around with your entire body exposed or better yet in a place that prohibits it.
#3299:
#3298:
#3297: Overheard at NYUAD: "You know, I don't judge people. Well, I just judged her really hard but apart from that, I don't judge people."
#3296: There are so many freshmen walking about with hickeys; ah, young love! Good times.
#3295:  Friend: Let's eat at D2 today instead of the Marketplace  Me:
#3294: Welcome to your first Thursday night, class of 2022!
#3293: Is this the “the dog ate my homework” equivalent of a nyuad excuse?
#3292: Shout out to everyone who chose their classes in the spring thinking they’ll be motivated for the upcoming semester but are now dropping everything that requires more than 30 mins of daily effort #byepotentialminor #hellomeaninglesscoreclass
#3291: Res Ed is so bad at their job, they’re worse than the Egyptian Government.
#3290: I have to confess that of all the places in time and around the world I could be right now, this moment at NYUAD is better than average.
 Note from admin: Welcome back to campus guys!
#3289: The intensity of the facebook discussions and the passive-aggressiveness between students is concerning for someone coming back to campus in a week. We are the most diverse student body in the world. Do you expect that we would agree on everything? When arguing with someone, please consider their religious, cultural, ethnic background and… More personal experience. See where other people are coming from. Do not lose others because you disagree on some social issues. This is a university, a place for a free flow of ideas, not an indoctrination camp where only one way of thought is dominant.
#3288: What’s with alums being so involved in on-campus debates? We appreciate the occasional word of advice, but shouldn’t you have something better to do with your time than bait/instigate? If this is what life after NYUAD looks like, then I’m concerned.
#3287: The greatest curse of being a global leader is finding the perfect fellowship/internship/job that fits your dreams and qualifications only to realize the position is only open to American citizens
#3286: Lol ResEd just outdoes their own stupidity every time. I’m no hard core sustainability advocate, but who in their right mind throws away hangers that are in perfect condition just to stick to their so-called “policies”? I’ve never seen a more inefficient department and I come from a developing country. That says something.
#3285: When you also want to produce global leaders so you channel your inner sheikh #ShakinMaSheikhs
#3284: This page is one of the top results when I search on Facebook "NYUAD". I'm in my last year of senior school, and I don't want to apply here any more if it is like you say it is.
#3283: I’ve seen a lot of people talk about feeling alone and depressed on campus and just needing someone to talk to.  I know this isn’t the most conventional way to do this but at least it would be somewhere for people to see.  
 Comment if it is okay for anyone to message you, even if they don’t know you or/and regardless of their relationship… More with you, if they feel like they need someone to talk to.   
 Please only do so if you are absolutely sincere and really willing to do so. It is also absolutely okay not to feel like you can.  Let’s spread some love 🌸
#3282: Some of the upperclassmen that I have spoken to have been really fake when it comes to helping out. They comment on my ROR posts willing to help but when I PM them they ignore my messages or give me half-assed/inaccurate information. They only comment because they want their peers to see and think they're kind and helpful but deep down there is so much ugly competitiveness, arrogance and snobbiness. Thank you to the upperclassmen who are genuine when it comes to offering help (you know who you are).
#3281: When I read some confessions — which fall more under the category of ‘rant’/‘argument’ — I wish there were a way for a confession to be reviewed by copy editors.  They are just structured and written like trash.  While some believe that people should move from the veil of anonymity, i.e. confessions, to more formal mediums for the sake of openness and transparency, I think we should do so so that people’s ideas and arguments are structured and coherent.
#3280: I don't want to go back. I don't want to walk the same highline as someone who I know to be a sexual harasser, as someone who I know to be a sexual assaulter, etc. I agree, I am not the victim, but I would lie if I said I don't shake a little when I see them. How long are these people gonna be covered for?
#3279: Do people get offended when people wear clothing that isn’t from their culture? Or soccer jerseys from countries other than their own? (In a manner that is out of love and respect - not out of a desire to mock the culture/country)    Heart react = I’m fine with it/ I don’t get offended as long as the person is not mocking the place.   Angry react = I think people should only wear clothing that belongs to their culture and soccer jerseys from their country.
#3278: I’ve read an older article about the disappoint level students experience after they graduate from NYUAD. I know the situation has improved with lots of students getting into really good grad schools and some getting good jobs. Nowadays, entering the industry is very competitive in addition to the fact that many students from our school… More apply for the same jobs as the rare number of entry-level jobs available out there (I might be mistaken for this sentence and fact, but it’s what I’ve observed in the past 2-3 years).    I’m a rising senior and have researched potential jobs , though a lot of them ask for 2-3 years of experience (how do we get that experience when we can do limited… More
#3277: I’m an incoming freshman and I don’t think I’ll make any friends at nyuad. Whenever I talk on the group chat, people ignore me or reply quite rudely. I don’t think anyone shares the same interests as me and no one in my class has really made an effort to reply to me. I got bullied really badly in high school and I guess the cycle of me being the outsider is going to repeat itself. My anxiety has worsened because of this and I don’t know how I’m going to cope once I arrive on campus.
#3276: Being a student from the US the biggest reason I'm excited to get back to campus is that I don't have to worry about making akward eye contact through the gaps in bathroom stalls.
#3275: Let's face it. Despite NYUAD's diversity, there is some intense self-segregation that occurs in this school. Races barely mix, often to a stark and dismal extent. And everyone hides under their excuse of 'we need to seek some familiarity in a place that is so different from our homes'. Global leaders, this is not the school we signed up for!… More But that is sadly a reality that colors (or doesn't, for the white kids who stay with their white counterparts; although in no way do I want to shame them, the colored individuals are just as bad, if not miles worse) the university.
#3274: Overheard at D1: “This school’s budget is more than my country’s GDP.”
#3273: No department whose name ends with “Ed” in this university functions properly
#3272: "Omg, go do something productive with your summer instead of talking on Confessions Page smh the youth these days" *constantly refreshes page to check for new posts, comments and likes and secretly lives for the drama*  GOD SEES YOU pretend ghost
#3271: Lol at politically conservative kids acting like the school is a intolerant and dangerous place for them to express views claiming “time and time again this uni/student body has proven that only certain views are tolerated”. What incidents have there actually been? Like the whole post anonymously on confession about representation is necessary because the student body is oh so harmful? Just sounds like hiding behind the fear of not being able to argue your case well enough.
#3270: #firstworldproblems NYUAD edition: Being upset that your country is 3 hours away because your friends who live far away earn more air miles
#3269: I came from a place where I had nothing. Earning money for food was challenging and I would sleep to fight my hunger. I worked hard, got the grades and made it to nyuad and I am so grateful. I'm grateful to the UAE and its rulers for giving me a better life. Now, I am guaranteed a meal on my plate. The lack of financial burden has made it… More easier for my family to live and I am educating myself in the process.  This is the most generous place in the world with the kindest local and expatriate community. I am happy to be here and I remind myself of that everyday. This is why I hate seeing negative stereotypes about Arabs in the media and Emiratis in patricular on this group, because they are nothing but biased and untrue. I love everything about the NYUAD and the UAE, and it is an honor to be living here.
#3268: This is not a post about mental health and WHERE to find help. This is a post raising a question HOW one should go about getting help, feeling safe and comfortable.  I've been struggling emotionally for the last few years. The case intensified once I moved to university with the additional weight of academic stress, isolation and lack… More personal space to be openly sad, while sharing a double on Saadiyat bubble.  NYUAD offers plenty of resources for emotional well-being, that I am aware of and thankful for. I am slowly working on myself 💪🏻... but sometimes I still need to talk it out, you know  However, due to the very deep personal nature of my issues, I simply do not feel comfortable… More
#3267: I see you guys prying on freshman girls. Adding people on Facebook and all 😏. How bout you get to know them first.
#3265: I’m so nervous about the marhaba math placement test. It’s making me feel so depressed because my major depends on a high placement.
#3264: Dear freshmen and non-freshmen. As you venture throughout your studies at NYUAD, you will most likely intensify your frequency and maybe even depth of interactions with fellow humans to a level unprecedented by your earlier life stages. Be open-minded and let people in. It will be wonderful. Also know that here the walls of privacy are thin… More and bumping into visible reminders of lost opportunities, hurt and heartbreak occur at a throbbing rate on these small patches of Island home. As you attach and detach from people, I hope, for the sake of your sanity, you remember the following. A person who values you, would not put themselves in a position to lose you. If they do and you have the… More
#3263: I really dont know what to do. I'm an incoming freshmen and our rooming assignments leaked for a few minutes and I found out that I was put in the same room as my high school bully. They made my high school experience hell and I'm so scared to be sharing a room with them. Can anyone help me please?
#3262: I'm so tired of people associating a specific age with a class. Freshmen can be within the age range of 16-20+ years old and Seniors can be around 20-24+ years old (give or take). Not all freshmen are underage minors. Idk just something to think about.
#3261: What counts as sexual harassment at nyuad? don't give me the "anything the victim felt uncomfortable with" bullcrap, shouldn't one have some standards before labeling someone a "harasser"? and don't give me the toxic masculinity bullshit, I identify as she/her.
#3260: If the admins for Confessions and C&C have an anonymous gorilla suit wrestling match, I'd pay a semester's worth of dining dirhams to go see that.
#3268: Suddenly, I remembered that my sexual harasser is going to be back on campus in the fall. Suddenly, I am not so excited about going back to school. I was excited about the classes I’m taking, and seeing my friends, but now I’m just discouraged and don’t know what to do.   PS: I did report the incident.
#3267: There’s really no need for everything to be “constructively criticized” on the forum. sometimes you want to say something and not deal with the self-righteous pricks.theres nothing wrong with that, and that’s plainly the whole point of confessions.
#3266: As a recent graduate, seeing Tristan’s face on nyuadmarhaba’s story made me utterly happy and sad...nyuad really is a special place ❤️
#3265: omg can we all stop with these underrepresentation posts???? listen i don’t think admissions are sitting in their office and hand picking candidates and be like “nah i don’t like these African Americans, we’re not taking them”. i’m pretty sure there’s a reasoooonnnn just for every person that doesn’t get into our uni from any other… More country!!!! like grades or volunteering or whatever. y’all be fighting later that admissions are trying to diversify the campus and send offers to everyone but those who actually have worked super hard to get here. also don’t forget that our uni is also not the most popular in the world and people still have stereotypes about the Middle East when they think… More
#3264: The reason why many people opt to post anonymously is simply because they have a “confession” that they think is worth bringing up but do not wish to deal with the aftermath. Maybe their too busy to follow up or they don’t want to deal with the negative criticism because they know that they might get stigmatised negatively in such a small… More community. Which brings me to my main point on why I sincerely despise individuals who comment on confessions being all “high and mighty” and politically correct. Just get off your high horse and stop commenting because you think the comment will get you tons of likes since you’re being politically correct. Also, man up when you made a mistake either… More
#3263: Disclaimer: I am not the author of the article referred to in #3254. As a member of another minority group that often gets shunned because we too are deemed sensationalist and self-indulgent when trying to highlight issues pertinent to our community, this confession hits hard. This is exactly why generally I refuse to speak about issues my… More community systemically face unless I'm either conversing with people who have similar experiences or people who are willing to listen rather than suggest my narrative lacks truth as soon as a part of it appears unsubstantial (in this case whether he truly is first or not). I want to applaud the author for his courage of stepping outside his… More
#3262: I’m sick of all these people expressing opinions regarding campus topics and issues through confessions. Post on forum, at least there we can all have meaningful debates and conversations.  Otherwise, use this time to do something more productive over summer (including to take a break).
#3261: Friends and classmates, I'm genuinely baffled by the recent criticism of the Gazelle article on African American representation. I understand that there was disagreement on the definition of African American, however the author clarified his interpretation to be those descended from slaves and explained why it is an important distinction.… More Furthermore, even if you do not consider the author the first African American male, his point that there is a lack of representation remains valid, especially given the large number of Americans admitted every year. Our resistance to acknowledging the issue he brings up is almost as worrisome as the issue itself.
#3260: Totally a fan of constructive criticism, but like isn’t this whole attacking The Gazelle thing a bit random? They try their best to represent the voice and opinions of the student body, it doesn’t mean everything they publish is objectively correct. The article being criticized is just ONE opinion among others. Sincerely, not a gazelle member.
#3259: As an incoming freshman, I'm struggling with parental resistance to my inevitable departure. Right now, I'm struggling to convince them that I've made the right the decision, that the opportunity I've been afforded isn't particularly worthwhile or noteworthy, that the education won't live up to the standards in my own country, that my… More prospects of getting jobs have been limited because of NYUAD's lack of prestige and its relative newness. I have my own objections to these points, but my parents believe that I am blinded by novelty of it all.  Did anyone else face similar problems after they were accepted? How did you deal with it?
#3258: The gazelle article was dumb. The inaugural class had 141 students (who started college in 2010) . Many races and nationalities were underrepresented because the old NYUAD campus was small and it was the university’s first year. However, NYUAD gave us a bigger campus, and I am seeing greater representation so admissions are considering… More representation significantly. This school is one of the most diverse schools I have ever seen. There are a variety of nationalities and ethnicities represented as opposed to only a few nationalities that dominate the student body. Think about it, this school could’ve been exclusive to UAE high school students, but they opened up their arms to all different types of people around the world. Think about how the majority of universities in the US have less than 15% (and LESS) international students, and these are old, well-established institutions. Think about how those institutions charge their international students double and fail to offer financial aid.
#3257: The article made me genuinely curious how many african americans are on campus. like/comment if you are 🙂
#3256: LMFAO. Crushes and Compliments refused to post my comment which points out that they take some posts down after a few hrs/days. Crushes/Compliments I like, but I see what you're doing. Lol.
#3255: I recently got out of a conversation with my friends from back home about dorms. I had literally nothing to say while they complained about how expensive dorms are or how hard they have to work to earn hall points to get housing the next year. None of my friends have resources as good as the ones we get at NYUAD. Ffs Our bathrooms are… More comparable to a five star hotel's bathroom. 
 So while this is not really a confession, I think this is the opportune time (with freshman less than a month away, older kids missing NYUAD and sick of home, and the  marhaba/welcome crew getting ready to head back) to just put it out there that maybe we can start showing appreciation for NYUAD in smaller… More
#3254: The First Black American Male Student at NYUAD enrolled as part of the Inaugural Class in 2010 and graduated in 2014. (So did the first Black American Female Student) This is in contradiction to the Gazelle article criticising the institution for admitting its first Black American male in 2017. Addressing race and accessibility is important… More and there is an abundance of real, accurate data to support effective action. Sensationalism and self-indulgent comparisons to genuine civil rights leaders don’t help the community. It’s not “for the culture”. People need to know the truth to do the right thing and the school paper needs to fact check.
#3253: I CANNOT get over how gorgeous Sheikh Hamdan is. I follow him on instagram and each time he puts on another story I literally gasp. And on top of physical perfection he is so kind and humble and generous. Can we petition to have him as the commencement speaker please
#3252: I went from torrenting at 8 mbps on campus to 8 kbps at home, be grateful for what you have before it’s gone.
#3251: Ffs only NYUAD students will get into a 50+ comment discussion on BIKES. What
#3250: Being a global leader AND a hoe is tough business. Someone texting you at 3 am? Is it a booty call or are they just texting according to their time zone? you’ll never know
#3249: Can't wait to get back in the Fall and join in on all the exciting stipend fraud everybody's been having.
#3248: Shoutout to all the amazing, intelligent and open-minded people I've met at this campus who don't like to travel much but are still 100% true global leaders
#3247: Can someone steal money from my stipend card if I have little to no money? Asking for young, dumb and broke bitches.
#3246:
#3245: Do freshman with a stipend need to bring any money?
#3244: Lmao I asked an upperclassman a question about a class through messenger because I saw he commented about it in ROR and then 20 minutes later I got a notification that he liked a photo of mine from 2 years ago...Like uhhhh my dude we both know we’re stalking each other but at least be smart about it.
#3243: How is this page actually more active during Summer than during the semesters...are global leaders that lifeless at home???
